teacher
Teacher teacher
Teacher wake up teacher
Is there anyone? Is there anyone?
sister
Teacher teacher
Arrange to move forward now
Going to wait outside
Doctor, you must save my sister
Don't worry, please wait outside.
How could there be a car accident suddenly?
I don't know.
The car was going too fast.
I didn't see it clearly either.
You go and arrange it.
Be sure to find confirmation that the vehicle is
Senior, what about my mother?
How is my mom?
Surgery has been scheduled
Yan Jianan
Teacher, he will be fine for sure.
Sure it's alright
Li Wen, you are a disaster
Since you came
Does Boqi Hall have a day of peace?
Are you still pretending to be a good person?
The soul is powerful, the soul is you, you still have the face to stand here
Sorry, it's all my fault.
It's because I didn't protect you well
You are a piece of crap
What are you capable of protecting my mother?
If it weren't for my mother, you would have been sleeping on the street
What the hell are you talking about now?
Ok stop arguing
Your mom is getting ready for surgery now
Lin Wenli, if my mother were a little bit long and short
I want your life!
I thought I would let you go
Someone else has lost too much blood and needs a blood transfusion
But now the blood bank is running low
Come with me for a blood test
See who can write for the patient
Doctor, this is my blood
I am his daughter
Please save my mom